Make InsertableTreeNodeFromAllowedTypes not distribute over unions (#24441)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/fast-moments-mix.md

---
"fluid-framework": minor
"@fluidframework/tree": minor
"__section": tree
---
Fix typing derived from unions of `AllowedTypes` arrays

> Unions of array types provided as an [AllowedTypes](https://fluidframework.com/search/?q=AllowedTypes) used to result in incorrectly computed insertable content types.

Reviewer: Do we really want to link to search results here? Or was the intention to link to a specific page?

Author: ```suggestion
Unions of array types provided as an [AllowedTypes](https://fluidframework.com/docs/api/fluid-framework/allowedtypes-typealias) used to result in incorrectly computed insertable content types.
```
